npm/setup-npm-registry-on-gitea.md, before:

# Setup npm Registry on Gitea

## Get an access token for your account from Gitea

Got to `Settings > Applications > Manage Access Tokens > Generate New Token` and select the desired accesses. Then temporarily save this token.

## Create a `.npmrc` file

Create a `.npmrc` file in the same directory in which your Git Repository is present of your package.

Insert the following two lines into this file. Replace `YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN` with the access token you obtained in the previous step.

```bash
@helloworld:registry=https://your-gitea-instance.com/api/packages/{owner}/npm/
//your-gitea-instance.com/api/packages/{owner}/npm/:_authToken=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN
```

## Publish the Registry to your Gitea instance

Make sure the name in your `package.json` file matches the registry name:

```json
{
  "name": "@helloworld/common",
  "version": "1.0.0"
  // other properties
}
```

Publish new version of the registry:

```bash
npm publish --registry https://your-gitea-instance.com/api/packages/{owner}/npm/
```

Commit message:

DOCS: added installation section in setup-npm-registry-on-gitea

npm/setup-npm-registry-on-gitea.md, after:

# Setup npm Registry on Gitea

## Publishing a Registry

### Get an access token for your account from Gitea

Got to `Settings > Applications > Manage Access Tokens > Generate New Token` and select the desired accesses. Then temporarily save this token.

### Create a `.npmrc` file

Create a `.npmrc` file in the same directory in which your Git Repository is present of your package.

Insert the following two lines into this file. Replace `YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN` with the access token you obtained in the previous step.

```bash
@helloworld:registry=https://your-gitea-instance.com/api/packages/{owner}/npm/
//your-gitea-instance.com/api/packages/{owner}/npm/:_authToken=YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN
```

### Publish the Registry to your Gitea instance

Make sure the name in your `package.json` file matches the registry name:

```json
{
  "name": "@helloworld/common",
  "version": "1.0.0"
  // other properties
}
```

Publish new version of the registry:

```bash
npm publish --registry https://your-gitea-instance.com/api/packages/{owner}/npm/
```

## Installation

To install your published package first add the following to your `.npmrc` file in your project.

```bash
@helloworld:registry=https://git.titanion.ch/api/packages/mvoemel/npm/
```

Then you can install it in your project using the following command:

```bash
npm install @helloworld/common@1.0.0
```

or add it in your `package.json` file:

```bash
"@helloworld/common": "1.0.0"
```
